Project: LogFileAnalysis
Author: Bob Hollen
Date: 28-June-2020

#OBJECTIVE
I would like to be able to perform an analysis of log files from testing a software application that I can use to create and store a fingerprint of messages output to the log files.  I want to be able to see the number of messages, warning, errors, or fatal errors generated by a specific series of tests executed by the system so that it could be compared with future releases to determine if there has been a significant change in the output of messages.  This difference in message content and severity could be used to determine if a new release is performing with the same, less, or more significant error messages, which could indicate that the software is not functioning as it is expected.  Maybe it could be used to identify new areas were problems have arisen or, to the contrary, maybe to indicate that previous problem areas have been corrected.

This application should have the following operating modes:

1. Process a log file and generate a log file analysis fingerprint ("LFAFingerprint") to the filesystem
2. Read the LFAFingerprint and report the results to the user
3. Read two LFAFingerprint files and report the top 25 providers for each of the input files as well as the difference between the two inputs

I would like to develop this as a Shiny web application which would have a single, multi line text input box for the log file contents.  I am not sure though if there is a performance limitation on the amount of data that can be pasted into this text box and then processed by the application.  It is my plan then to implement a first branch of the application to simply see if the text can be handled in this way.  If this is feasible with a typical eight-hour log file then I will continue with the development on this branch.  If not I will likely switch to a standard R or R Markdown implementation.

